[Music]
it's very early 6:40 a.m. and the
morning genius bringing me to the
airport I have been in Texas for 1.5
days I'm taking a little mini trips
within my Texas trip first problem has a
surprise I forgot my left luckily I
lived close to the airport and my
amazing bond with your grabbing and
bring it up here
I still have time because my plane borås
in like 20 minutes so we'll see and
literally the absolute worst comes to
airport something always goes wrong my
flight to Dallas I actually almost
missed because I started going to JFK
instead of LGA they're two different in
York City Airport I made it when they
were boarding the last group it was
chaos
[Music]
one corner
oh my gosh she's here
[Music]
got it
okay I'm boarding in three minutes and I
see Magritte ah
[Music]
I am in Cincinnati Ohio ah seems random
right seems really random so I went to
Texas for my brother's graduation
yesterday my brother graduated
[Music]
[Applause]
Johnny boy Johnny boys from Texas my
brother tomorrow is his graduation party
today my other John one bro a boyfriend
John is premiering a very special skate
video with the revive dudes at the
company he skates for
[Music]
that's why I'm in Cincinnati Ohio
they're based here and I'm stoked how
amazing are you as a human to do this Oh
came out for one day just to hang out I
feel so special
yeah the big Dan he's like a big day
it's a big deal a lot of things are
happening today oh my gosh these are
look like New York buildings I do get
you come good look at these buildings
they remind me of something that would
be in like Soho our time if you're not
signed on yeah yeah yeah I got it
professionally
Cincinnati is stunning look at that
bridge texting in the stadium and the
building this is giving me feels it
reminds me a lot of Nashville Tennessee
I lived in Nashville for about a year
and the Rolling Hills the beautiful
green mixed in with the bridges and the
buildings cement and vegetable
you're filling your childhood dream
today
hey yeah I don't know why it's not like
that only getting the way that I could
get lately yeah the day
[Music]
[Applause]
so it is time tonight is the premiere if
you don't know a lot about the skating
world basically all of the skaters have
skates for revive make a video part and
then that is compiled all into this one
huge video of just dope skating that all
of these skaters have filmed over the
past year so it's like all of the best
skating that has ever happened
[Music]
haircolor
[Applause]
[Music]
this is John Hill pro model skateboards
up there now selling on reviving a
fourth with our recording yes are you're
gonna look I quickly I want to do like
this and you perfectly move dandelion
hello congratulations
going pro it just means that your name
is on a skateboard if accompanied things
that your legit enough to have your name
on one of their products you know he
writes for a company called revive
skateboard so when you write for a
company you get sponsored you usually
get on a team and you're an amp you're
an analyzer but the moment you prove
your worth and all of the hard work that
you've done
you know they deem it you deserve to go
pro right so he has it aboard yes with
my name on it which is unreal amazing so
like those are gonna go until they are
hot so those entails 50 sometimes
yeah and I bet I get royalties for
congrat Thanks I'm telling you the
students want to be hardest-working
human right now yeah I appreciate that
so much
yeah it's weird
it's crazy act I still have to like
fully registered it I thought I went
like at our neck oh my god this is just
like kids dream about yeah like me
from accounting to living in South
Carolina being like hey
I am back in Dallas Texas Madeline I'm
exhausted I had four is asleep over the
past two days both so it wasn't so kind
to go to Cincinnati for 24 hours proud
of Jonathan going pro that is insane
he's fulfilling his life dreams and then
today is my brother drawings graduation
pilot thank you
[Music]
this man was once a boy hmm
struggle a little bit in school because
you had freaking Galicia right and an
elementary school there is like a freak
out oh my gosh he doesn't fit in the
tags means that everyone else fit since
we must be stupid
uh-huh that's not true this is one of
the most smart intelligent dudes ever
after it keeps freakin goof ball and to
add another John into the mix here is a
very inspirational graduation letter
that my Uncle John gave to my brother
John so the words of Uncle John always
try it doesn't work out at least you
have a story among everything fun bag as
well my grandpa's name is John my
uncle's name is John my brother's name
is John my boyfriend's name is John my
cat's name is John just kidding thanks
for hanging out with me in this video
please like this video subscribe button
down below for new videos every week
[Music]